#summary Change log

*2011-02-22*
 * Proxy settings - user entered or system or none, with support for username
 and password. Proxy settings are saved.
 * All network traffic now has time outs associated. This allows for qgvdial
 to recover itself to a stable state in case the network is too slow or flaky
 or not present or borked because of captive portals (the "Starbucks effect")
 * Fixed contacts update and inbox update so that the time it used to take to
 commit the entries to disk is now much almost non-existent.
 * Cleaned up the QML to be more QML-like instead of C like.
 * Long press on backspace button clears the number on the dialpad.
 * Added an about page with version number, and URL links to project specific
 info
 * Maemo builds now happen on the maemo.org build farm.
 * Windows build is now an MSI.
 * Settings page has tab order!
 * Inbox selection is saved.

*2011-01-09 (since the last time)*
 * Inbox now updated based on latest inbox entry.
 * UI is almost entirely in QML. Only some components remain in QtCreator form format.
 * Rotation is really truly complete
 * Call ui, contacts UI and inbox UI all work.
 * SMS and call buttons on contacts and inbox pages.
 * SMSes are shown in the inbox and sending SMS actually works!
 * log goes into logfile at ~/.qgvdial/qgvdial.log
 * use a model view design for using QML
 * DBus activation for Call and Text service. Used by MyContacts and my own qgv-tp on Maemo5
 * Added a telepathy connection manager "qgv-tp" to integrate into the n900 phone book. Calls are now possible directly from the phone book.
 * Added network proxy support.

*2010-10-04*
 * Windows build now uses VS 2010 and QT 4.7 with qtmobility 1.1
 * Inbox view changed. Should now be much faster to load and less quirky to display.

*2010-08-28*
 * Revamped the entire UI.
 * Auto-rotation
 * Initial support for QT CSS

*2010-08-14:*
 * Inbox how uses data API instead of screen scraping the website.
 * Calls, sms and voicemail all work from the Inbox page.
 * Contacts and Inbox page use the same interface to make calls and send texts.

*2010-08-07:*
 * Provided a dbus listening service so that fcrochik's MyContacts can call out using that.
 * Contacts using Google Contacts Data API. Additions, modifications and deletions all taken care of.
 * Callbacks now work once again.

*2010-08-04:*
 * Dial out directly works for telepathy CM: ring and spirit. sofiasip also works, but the GV announcer says that the call could not be completed.
 * Dial out works is desktop skype: Windows and Linux
 * Two different deb files for n900: One for old mobility and one for the new version
 * Contacts now use the Google contacts API. This means lesser data to process on contacts refresh.

*2010-07-19:*
 * Desktop Skype integration: If you have a Skype subscription and you use it as a callback phone with GV, then qgvdial will attempt to recognize this and behave just like the phone version: Dismiss the cancel window.

*2010-07-16:*
 * Dial out using POST. Much faster.

*2010-07-02:*
 * Linux and maemo5 now uses a telepathy observer component to listen for incoming calls. When there is an incoming call from the GV number, it will understand that this call is because of our dialing through GV. The intended result was to auto-accept the call. For the moment, it will just automatically dismiss the dialog box that allows the user to cancel the call.
 * Cached the numbers registered with GV

*Up to 2010-07-02:*

Tested in Windows, Linux, and maemo5
 * Standard dialer (a bit incomplete)
 * GV contacts list, settings, history inbox
 * Dial any number from dialer, dial/sms contact from contact list, dial.sms contact from history list
 * Download and play voicemail
 * Cache contacts, settings and voicemail so that network traffic is reduced
 * Single instance of the application per user
 * Linux and Windows (actually any OS that supports system trays) will show a system tray.
